[plugin-rest-api] Fix step waiting for response code (#2535)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-rest-api.adoc

Then server `vividus-test-site.herokuapp.com` supports secure protocols that contain `TLSv1.2,TLSv1.3`
----

=== Wait for expected HTTP status code in response

> Waits for a specified amount of times until HTTP response code is not equal to what is expected. In case if after of all retries the expected code is not returned exception will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Waits for the specified number of times until HTTP response code is equal to the expected one. In case if the expected code is not returned after all retries, the assertion error will be recorded.
```

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I wait for response code $responseCode for $duration duration retrying $retryTimes times $stepsToExecute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When I wait for response code $responseCode for $duration duration retrying $retryTimes times$stepsToExecute
```

----

> * `$responseCode` - expected response code
> * `$duration` - time duration to wait in {iso-date-format-link} format
> * `$retryTimes` - how many times request will be retried; duration/retryTimes = timeout between requests
> * `$stepsToExecute` - steps to execute at each wait iteration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$responseCode` - The expected HTTP status code.
* `$duration` - The time duration to wait in {iso-date-format-link} format.
* `$retryTimes` - The number of times the request will be retried: `duration/retryTimes = timeout` is a polling timeout between requests.
* `$stepsToExecute` - The steps to execute at each wait iteration.
```

> .Wait until not send the GET request for the correct URL which returns status code 200

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Wait until HTT GET request returns status code 200
```

Reviewer 2: HTT -> HTTP

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I initialize the scenario variable `relativeURL` with value `get-wrong-wrong-wrong`
> When I wait for response code `200` for `PT10S` duration retrying 3 times
> |step                                                                                           |
> |When I initialize the scenario variable `relativeURL` with value `#{eval(`${relativeURL}`.replaceFirst("-wrong", ""))}`                                            |
> |When I send HTTP GET to the relative URL '${relativeURL}'                                      |

Reviewer: it's better to keep example simple:
```suggestion
When I wait for response code `200` for `PT10S` duration retrying 3 times
|step                                                        |
|When I send HTTP GET to the relative URL '/delayed-resource'|
```
